# Technical Documentation

Write here your own content!

I'm going to take the liberty of talking about the very first code I've just made, even though I admit I'd have preferred it to be on the Arduino, but I realized that the components I wanted to use I don't have. I'll be receiving them on Saturday, so to save time I decided to take care of the front-end of my website. I'd already done some because I'd been lucky enough to work for a medical practice and had taken care of their website. So my very first code is an html file in the Warhammer 40,000 universe. I'm so happy with what I've accomplished! I'm really proud of myself for having succeeded in making something that suits me. It was important for me to be able to add my favorite universe to this project. In this HTML file I put an image in the background to give the image a theme, I decided to add a text area with an image of a tech priest that gives the impression of talking to us with a button at the bottom when we're ready to commune with the machine spirit.

Regarding what I did last night, I started by changing my text because the feedback I'd received told me it wasn't really clear, so I wanted to change that first. I continued by adding a text first to make them understand what they're supposed to do, I just hope the texts aren't too long. After making the text I put a button that would allow me to display or not the fact of being able to add an apointment, I added the possibility of adding a date, time and task that the user wanted. And finally I added an option to delete if the user has mistakenly added an appointment he didn't want.