# Learning journal

Your learning journal can be seen as a diary of your learning process. It is a place where you can reflect on your learning, and where you can keep track of your progress. It is also a place where you can keep track of your questions, and where you can write down your answers to those questions.

So for example when you receive feedback on your project, you can write down the feedback and your reflection on it in your learning journal. You can also write down what you have learned from the feedback, and how you will apply it in your project.

## First Week: Monday 10/02
  - Today I've learned to use Frietzing, I've learned to connect new components that I'd never used before. And I can't wait to continue making my circuits so that I can get to the programming phase. I know it's not going to be an easy thing to do, but it's going to be very interesting to be able to do it.

## First Week: Tuesday 12/02
  - Today I continued my model on Friztzing, I wanted to add the SG90 servo motor, although I haven't thought much about my final model I'm thinking of using it because I want to use the fact that this servo motor rotates to allow me to move my commissioner in and out. After finishing my model, I wanted to work on my first program, which would allow me to play an audio sound when the clock strikes a certain time, so I decided to cut out all the commissioner's voice lines so that I could use them, but I remembered that my father, who has the components, is coming to see me on Saturday, so I wanted to think about how I could send data to my wemos, but for some reason that I don't know about at school, the wemos wants to connect to the wifi, but when I'm at my apartment, it doesn't work at all. So I decided to take care of the front-end of my site, and that's what I did. And I'm proud of what I've done, I think my site's so beautiful! 
  - Last night I wanted to move forward on my website only the front end part to concentrate on the Data, API part because I have no idea how I'm going to manage to send the data from my website. I also wanted to do the diagram part to try and finish it, but being too tired I didn't manage to make as much progress as I'd hoped. As for the site, I've made pretty good progress, although of course there are things to improve, but I'll take care of those later. I hope I'm not wrong in saying that.